One tail nine tails
Let's see how much more you can eat
Ahhh
That's not possible.
How can you have such deep skills?
Oh, I see.
You spend the day at home, right?
Must be lonely
Ah, so what?
Still defeated by my pomegranate skirt
Now your cultivation base
It's all mine
Hahahaha, is it?
Yes, let the locals see how capable you are
ability
Ah!
Thanks for round me up.
Ordinary vacation will never be so hypocritical
Who are you then look at who I am who I am
evil animal
Why don't you kneel down and confess?
Kowloon Concubine
You are the emperor
Heaven and Earth Forgive Sin
I want to be put in this purple-gold gourd 3,000 years ago
Reiki
Emperor Buzelu only hurts mortals
Persuade heaven and earth to suffer
I don't dare anymore.
The earth has no private slaughter, the sun and the moon have no private photos
You haven't hurt anyone yet
Let you go for now
Hurt again
Stable promise
not into reincarnation